Who the hell am I going to give me a stew stick?
You you
You're not going to kill me.
I'll tell you what.
The Emperor will not let you off!
I am the emperor's savior
Hahaha, don't be nervous.
How could we kill you?
I just want to negotiate a deal with you
transaction
What deal?
Work for me
How much silver do you need?
Just mention it, I'm not interested in money
I, Wang Xuan, make more money than anyone else
Not interested in money
Interested in power
Work for me
My boarding number
I accept you as my prime minister
I'm not interested in being an official either
I have to travel back to be a local tyrant
I don't want to be unable to play with my phone here.
Stay where you can't sing
Hey
I'm not interested in the lights.
Oh, okay, okay, got it.
Prince, what do you mean?
Not interested in money
Haha, then I must be only interested in beauty.
As long as you are willing to serve this king
The beauty of the world is up to you to choose